we have tackled D'Brickashaw Ferguson
who apparently a psychic because you
predicted you be going to the Pro Bowl
before the season even started and now
you're going and Nick mangles going in
alan faneca is going and in your mind
what do you think you as a line did to
make voters think that all three of you
are worthy I think it has been of course
of the season we just had a lot of
success and you know fortunately you
know we were able to be nominated to go
to the Pro Bowl so it's been a great
it's been a great honor and obviously uh
we're happy that we're able to go you've
got two guys on your line in woody and
faneca who both had Super Bowl rings who
broke it at his out first I think it was
a they did it together but I think what
was so great about it is you know that
you're in good company you know that
you've been these guys have been to the
quote-unquote promised land so the fact
that there are the same line it
definitely helps out the younger guys
who really don't know too much about it
what did being exposed to them do in
terms of expediting your progress as
alignment with a wealth of knowledge
that Damien woody and alan faneca have
it's definitely helped I think you know
guys like myself and Nick and even
Brandon uh see you know see what value
experience brings to see how or certain
situations that we might not have been
privy to because we never been to
Mycenae AFC championship game we've
never been to a Super Bowl I'm talking
about those experiences and how they
fared and even singing on their film
adjusted in such a great help to us
become pretty obvious that since Rex
Ryan and Brian Shawn harmer decided to
scale back Mark Sanchez's offensive
responsibilities that he's played much
better and that is equated to the run
game being more present I know how much
guys love run blocking how exciting is
that been for you you know the run the
ball has been something that has it's
been great for us so I think we've
really enjoyed that and you know during
this this time of year it's important to
to be effective in the run
him as well as having a great defense
and we're fortunate that we have both of
those things Chaz was struggling how did
he handle it with the teammates you know
Santa says excellent poise I think he's
been able to handle adversity very well
he's never let anything get to him and
he's always been able to learn from the
things that might have been challenging
so I mean I understand what it is like
to be a rookie and I think he's handled
in a great fashion would you describe
his demeanor in the huddle say may be
compared to Kellen Clemens or Chad
Pennington what's the differences in
what they do how they conduct themselves
their energy level and all that stuff
you know I think everyone's different
and you know how they decide to conduct
themselves in the hole but I think
Sanchez just is a great job of just
keeping everything in perspective never
letting the highs get too high or too
low too low and I think he's like I said
being a young quarterback I think he's
done that very well why do you think
Sean Greene has had as much of an impact
as quickly as he has this year when you
consider he wasn't getting a ton of
carries before Leon Washington got hurt
against the Raiders I just think it goes
to you know the type of players that we
bring in in this organization they're
talented and they they really understand
what to do and how to do when their time
is or when they're called into duty and
i just i think is a tribute also to the
coaching staff because they've allowed
those players to be put in the right
position and then it goes to those
players because they've had a skill and
the poise to go out there and have
success let's talk about this colts game
the first time you face them brick
you're only dealing with dwight freeney
so it was half of the great pass-rushing
tandem now that Robert Mathis is back in
the mix how does that change the lines
approach and your checklist of things to
do to try to make sure that they don't
get a hand on Sanchez well again you
know that they have a great defense
obviously those are just two of the many
players that make up that roster and as
offensive unit I think will not put
together great plan so that we can be
successful and like I said we've been
we've had a lot of success this year
against great pass-rusher so I think
we're feeling confident what we can do
against those gentlemen another guy
who's got a spin move in the league like
freeney does huh like I said he's very
talented so I mean it's going to be a
test Rex Ryan put the ticker tape parade
on the postseason itinerary
have you allowed yourself to think for a
second what that might be like um not
dwelling on that no I think like I said
our big focus is again to go to the
Super Bowl we know that this is another
step into getting to that path we've we
won our wildcard game we won our
divisional games so this is a very big
game for us because this is going to get
us into the door and like I said
everybody's on one Accord at this time
we're all focused we're ready to go and
we you know we're not going to be
stopped with wood so close right now
freakish a Ferguson thanks for the task
hey thanks for having me